# Safe random number by using PI magical number:
Imagine the infinite number have many positions not-iterate. How to use this number for
Generating random numbers?\
Guess the number position, then pick the number on that position.\
**Example**: number 1
- first position in array 3.1415.... is 0 after the .(digits)
- next position of 1 is 2
- next position is 36
- and next is 39
So we have(generated) a random number by position of number "1", and never iterating the
random number, these unique generated numbers...

Pi = 3.1415926535 8979323846 2643383279 5028841971 6939937510 5820974944
5923078164 0628620899 8628034825 3421170679 ...

This equation always is : **O(log n)**

## Now more complex equation:
Imagine you choosing the number "1"\
Position is 0, 1+0 = 1\
Next search for 1, position is 2, so 1+2=3\
Now searching for 3 from the first position, is 8 positions. 3+8 = 11, 11 is 1+1=2\
Now search for next position after the position generated by 3 (is 11), so there is two way:\
A. 11 + 2 = 13, we search next position from 13 and the number is 9
B. or position 11 (1+1=2) search for next 2 from the position 11, we founded number is position
15 (number 2)

Now we can make our algorithm for searching and find the next random. 

## Only thing you need to create more complex equation is:
Shuffle some random, choose 1 of them by the basic pattern and reveal the unique one of them!

**Example**:\
We generate 3 positions of number 2, 6 & 4. then choose position 0 || 1 || 2 for these 3 positions and reveal the current position of that.

Example pseudo code:
```
input from the pi = 2,6,4
2 = position x
6 = position y
4 = position z
R = [x,y,z]
A = random(R)
// reveal A (example is x, position 0, value of real position is 5)
output: "position 0 is 2 = x =>" random number is 5
```

## Behind history of this code
I make this pattern and used this pattern many years ago in a lottery/bet platform used #erlang and #python, but I made a unique algorithm to use.\
I just revealed this pattern for fun in the github community of programmers.\
Enjoy it! and remember to give me my "**nobel prize**" :)

#

### An advice to the next generation of programmers:
Ai never can make the new creative algorithms from real nature. Looking around the world, like earth & tree, stars and oceans. You can find a chaos algorithm of fractals and Pi numbers. Ai never can experience this world like us! **So be yourself and grow**...

---

Download this article as a PDF -> [here](https://github.com/mosi-arch/documents/blob/main/Article%20on%20random%20numbers%20and%20pi%20algorithm.pdf) 
